# Self-Driving Car Project
### About the Project
This is my work for a project in Defense Against the Dark Arts class to improve the robustness of self-driving car algorithms.  While researching, my group identified potential vulnerabilities in self-driving cars to detect stop signs correctly.  There are studies that show a stop sign can be easily changed with a few pieces tape to trick the car into thinking a stop sign is actually a speed limit or some other type of sign.  This can also be a problem if the stop sign appears as it normally does.  Our goal was to give the car additional information taken from an iPhone SensorLog app that provides data on movement and location of the phone.  We gathered SensorLog information on multiple drives, developed algorithms to identify stop signs and stop lights, and used the output of our Python programs to become a database of stops that could be pulled from in times of need by the car, such as a scenario when a car's sensor becomes inhibited or someone intentionally transforms a stop sign to maliciously trick a self-driving car.  The goal was to test this through the open-source self-driving car platform, Apollo by Baidu.

### Files in this Repository
**The main program in this repository is combineStops.py, which reads in all the data from the drives, runs it through the algorithms, and prints the stops identified along all of the drives combined.**  The other program, findStops.py, is essentially the same program, but works on singular sets of data, rather than on all of the data combined.  All of the data files are included.

The final report for the project is also included in the repository.
